# Visual Cryptography with Half


## What is this implementation about?
The purpose of this implementation is to encrypt and decrypt an image 
using Half and measure the performance.<br />

In encryption process, the source code takes an input image in the png format. After undergo a color seperate process to seperate the input image into three share images in the outputs directory, cyan, magenta, and yellow. It will output three files, C.jpg, M.jpg, and y.jpg. Then, the program will convert each share into halftone images and store the result in C_halftone.jpg, M_halftone.jpg, and Y_halfton.jpg. Finally, after encryped each pixel in three halftone images, the program will generate four shares which are C_share.jpg, M_share.jpg, Y_share.jpg, and shareMask.jpg.

In decryption process, the source code takes four encrypted share images which are generated by the encryption process. The program will output the decrypted image named decrypted.jpg in the outputs directory. In order to check the correctness of the decrypted image, the program also asks for the original image to run the performance test. 

## Files
- halftone.py : to encrypt target image and generate four shares
- halftone_decry.py : to decrypt four shares and generate the decrypted image

## Run
```
python3 halftone.py input_image
python3 halftone_decry.py ./outputs/C_share.jpg ./outputs/M_share.jpg ./outputs/Y_share.jpg ./outputs/shareMask.jpg input_image
```
For example,
```
python3 halftone.py ../../images/Lenna.jpg
python3 halftone_decry.py ./outputs/C_share.jpg ./outputs/M_share.jpg ./outputs/Y_share.jpg ./outputs/shareMask.jpg ../../images/Lenna.jpg
```


### Reference
- Young-Chang Hou, "Visual cryptography for color images," in *Pattern Recognition*, 2009 [link](https://github.com/cheng-hsiang-chiu/ECE6960-Final-Project/blob/master/papers/Visual%20cryptography%20for%20color%20images.pdf). 
